!PackMan 0.1 early alpha version

This is an early alpha version of an alternative
front end to install, update and remove packages
for the RISC OS Packaging Project (www.riscpkg.org).

Currently the program needs a working version of
!RiscPkg installed as is shares the configuration
files with it and will currently crash when it
tries to set up a machine for first use of the
packages. Eventually it should use its own
configuration files.

Again I must stress this is a very early alpha
version that I have just released to see if it
is worth continuing with it. It may well crash
or give strange behaviour. Use it at your own
risk.

It does use the same libraries to manipulate
the package system as !RiscPkg and so you
should be able to use !RiscPkg itself to
install or uninstall anything that !PackMan
has failed to or only partially processed.

Known problems:

1. You need !RiscPkg installed and working before
you can use this program.
2. There is no help/manual except this file.
3. Window positioning isn't always ideal.
4. The graphics are my own and are very rough.
5. Some functionality has not been implemented or
completed yet. You should be able to install, upgrade
and remove packages though.
6. It is likely to crash in some circumstances.
7. It creates a stdout/stderr file in the application
directory with various debug information.

Installation:

On first run if the program can't find the modules
it needs it should tell you.

You are most likely to need the latest SharedUnixLibrary
from:

http://www.riscos.info/downloads/gccsdk/sharedunixlib/

and the toolbox modules. You may need the RISC OS Limited
ones available from:

 http://support.riscos.com/Support/Updates/index.htm

but I haven't determined this yet.


How to use:

Double click the application and you should get an
icon on the icon bar. Click on this icon to get the
main window.

This icon also allows you to update the list of
packages and quit the application.

The main window shows a list of the packages
available. You can filter the list by selecting
a category from the drop down on the toolbar
or clicking on Find and searching for text in
the package names and descriptions.

The left hand column is either:
- blank if the package is not installed
- a green tick if the package is installed
- an orangish tick if the package is installed and there
  is an upgrade available.

The ticks have a small "a" by them if the package was
automatically installed.

This is followed by the package name and a summary of
what it does.

Clicking on a package will show more information about
it in the status bar at the bottom of the Window.

To install or remove a package after selecting it click
on the Install or Remove button on the toolbar or the menu.

You will be prompted if you are sure you with to install/remove
the package.

Unlike RiscPkg this application only allows you to install or
remove one package (and its dependencies at a time).

After confirming your choice a progress window should appear
and the package will be installed or removed.


Copyright

This program is copyright Alan Buckley 2009, but please
feel free to distribute it for others to try.

If I get closer to a useable release I will make the
source code available and put it under a more common
licence.


Contact

Please contact Alan Buckley

alan_baa@hotmail.com

with any feedback and bug reports.

I'm considering if this applicaton is worth continuing
with so please contact me if you think it would be
something you could use if the rough edges were removed.

