Packman package manager 0.7 beta released

Packman version 0.7 beta is now available.

This release is primarily driven for the people who are considering
replacing software they already have installed with packaged versions
of it.

PackMan now allows applications to be moved from their default install
location. If an application is moved using PackMan, it will remember
it's location so it can update it or remove it.

If another application already exists at the location moved to,
PackMan will back it up (after checking you want to replace it).

This backup functionality has also been built into creating stubs and
links (the recommended way of being able to access packages from other
locations).

To make it easier to install packages where you may already have
another version on your disc a Conflict Manager window is now shown
when files conflict. This gives you the option of letting PackMan
backup the conflicting files for you.

To keep track of these backups a Backup Manager window has been added.
From here you can also view, delete or restore a backup.

It also includes a few other minor bug fixes, the full list of changes
can be seen on the history page in the documentation.

If you already have a previous version of !PackMan or !RiscPkg
installed you can install it or upgrade it from either of
these programs.

Otherwise go to http://alanb.drobe.co.uk/packman.htm for
download and installation instructions.

PackMan is a package manager front end for packages distributed
using the RISC OS Packaging Project (see http://www.riscpkg.org).

It can be used instead of or alongside !RiscPkg.

Its features include:

- Status bar showing more information on the selected package.
- Filters to allow display of packages for a specific category,
  what's installed or upgrades to already installed packages.
- Search for a package.
- Single buttons to start an install, upgrade or removal of a package.
- Menu option to upgrade all your packages at once.

System requirements

RISC OS 4.0 or greater with long filenames
Internet connection for downloading packages
